Every Thursday we hold a seminar on category
theory from 1 PM to 2 PM, accessible either via HQ
or videoconferencing. Everybody is welcome! Come
to [#haskell][0] if you have any questions
whatsoever. If you need an invite to that Slack
team, please send an email to Ian or Hao.

[0]: https://friendsofjack.slack.com/messages/categories/

## What is the videoconferencing link?

It's posted in #haskell. This repository is public
so we can't talk much here. Shh.

## What is category theory?

Category theory is a reworking of mathematics from
the ground up. For software engineers, it is a
powerful to model data and data transformations;
for theoreticians, it uncovers new and exciting
connections between previously unrelated areas. It
will, as a side effect, make you understand what
Haskell programmers are talking about.

In this seminar we will attempt to (patiently, and
carefully) cover an introduction to category
theory and provide a safe space for discussion and
theorem-proving and good old-fashioned
socializing.

## Which book?

*[Conceptual Mathematics][cm]*. If you want to
bring up topics covered in other books, it's more
than welcome.

[cm]: http://www.amazon.com/Conceptual-Mathematics-First-Introduction-Categories/dp/052171916X/

## Am I qualified?

Anybody who's interested automatically
qualifies to be in the group. The book assumes
very little knowledge of set theory, and we'd be
more than happy to fill in any gaps.

## Is there homework?

Yes, there will be weekly reading exercises in the
notes posted to this repository. External reading
is mandatory as the seminars are driven by
questions you have.

## What if I miss one?

Notes will be posted each week, and you can of
course talk about older material at the next one.

## I have a question not answered here.

During work hours if you write it into #haskell,
you'll get an answer almost immediately.
Otherwise, post it to
[Basilica](https://basilica.horse).
